- [Instructor] Hi and welcome back.
This was the first coding
exercise in the course
and I've made it
reasonably simple, I hope.
The instructions are twofold.
First, create two variables,
which must be called var1 and var2
and they both have to have the same value,
and the second part of the exercise
is to create two variables
called num1 and num2,
that multiply together to give 16.
So these two must be numbers.
Okay, so how do we create variables?
Well, we've looked at this just now
and we know to create a variable,
we have to type the name,
equals and the value.
So to create these two
variables, var1 and var2,
we're just going to do var1, equals
and then we can put
anything we want such as
"hi "
and var2 which must have the same value.
So it also equals hi.
So that would be the first
part of the exercise done.
Now, the second part,
we have to create two
variables, num1 and num2
that multiply together to give 16.
So, num1 is gonna be four
and num2 is gonna be....
What?
Four too. So four by four is 16
and then we can press the
green button, Check Solution.
And that should give us that all is good.
And I did, it says Well done,
your solution is correct.
So hopefully this makes sense
and this is the first coding exercise.
Instead of num1 being
four and num2 being four,
you could do eight and two for example,
and var1 and var2 can have the same value.
It doesn't matter what it is,
it can be anything as long as
it's naturally a valid python.
So that's everything for this video,
I'll see you on the next one.